---
source_url: "https://github.com/Yuan-ManX/ai-game-devtools"
type: webpage
title: "GitHub - Yuan-ManX/ai-game-devtools: Here we will keep track of the latest AI Game Development Tools, including LLM, World Model, Agent, Code, Image, Texture, Shader, 3D Model, Animation, Video, Audio, Music, Singing Voice and Analytics. 🔥 · GitHub"
captured_at: 2026-04-23T09:43:15.770359+00:00
contributor: "unknown"
---

# GitHub - Yuan-ManX/ai-game-devtools: Here we will keep track of the latest AI Game Development Tools, including LLM, World Model, Agent, Code, Image, Texture, Shader, 3D Model, Animation, Video, Audio, Music, Singing Voice and Analytics. 🔥 · GitHub

Source: https://github.com/Yuan-ManX/ai-game-devtools

---

GitHub - Yuan-ManX/ai-game-devtools: Here we will keep track of the latest AI Game Development Tools, including LLM, World Model, Agent, Code, Image, Texture, Shader, 3D Model, Animation, Video, Audio, Music, Singing Voice and Analytics. 🔥 · GitHub Skip to content Navigation Menu Toggle navigation Sign in Appearance settings Platform AI CODE CREATION GitHub Copilot Write better code with AI GitHub Spark Build and deploy intelligent apps GitHub Models Manage and compare prompts MCP Registry New Integrate external tools DEVELOPER WORKFLOWS Actions Automate any workflow Codespaces Instant dev environments Issues Plan and track work Code Review Manage code changes APPLICATION SECURITY GitHub Advanced Security Find and fix vulnerabilities Code security Secure your code as you build Secret protection Stop leaks before they start EXPLORE Why GitHub Documentation Blog Changelog Marketplace View all features Solutions BY COMPANY SIZE Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits BY USE CASE App Modernization DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases BY INDUSTRY Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources EXPLORE BY TOPIC AI Software Development DevOps Security View all topics EXPLORE BY TYPE Customer stories Events & webinars Ebooks & reports Business insights GitHub Skills SUPPORT & SERVICES Documentation Customer support Community forum Trust center Partners View all resources Open Source COMMUNITY GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers PROGRAMS Security Lab Maintainer Community Accelerator GitHub Stars Archive Program REPOSITORIES Topics Trending Collections Enterprise ENTERPRISE SOLUTIONS Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform AVAILABLE ADD-ONS GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for Business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation . Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Appearance settings Resetting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert {{ message }} Yuan-ManX / ai-game-devtools Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 113 Star 1.1k Code Issues 4 Pull requests 3 Actions Projects Security and quality 0 Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Actions Projects Security and quality Insights Yuan-ManX/ai-game-devtools main Branches Tags Go to file Code Open more actions menu Folders and files Name Name Last commit message Last commit date Latest commit History 1,164 Commits 1,164 Commits AI-Game.png AI-Game.png LICENSE LICENSE README.md README.md View all files Repository files navigation README MIT license AI Game DevTools (AI-GDT) 🎮 Here we will keep track of the latest AI Game Development Tools, including LLM, World Model, Agent, Code, Image, Texture, Shader, 3D Model, Animation, Video, Audio, Music, Singing Voice and Analytics. 🔥 Table of Contents LLM (LLM & Tool) VLM (Visual) Game (World Model & Agent) Code Image Texture Shader 3D Model Avatar Animation Video Audio Music Singing Voice Speech Analytics Project List LLM (LLM & Tool) Source Description Paper Game Engine Type AgentGPT 🤖 Assemble, configure, and deploy autonomous AI Agents in your browser. Tool AICommand ChatGPT integration with Unity Editor. Unity Tool AIOS LLM Agent Operating System. Tool AI Scientist The AI Scientist: Towards Fully Automated Open-Ended Scientific Discovery. arXiv Tool Assistant CLI A comfortable CLI tool to use ChatGPT service🔥 Tool Auto-GPT An experimental open-source attempt to make GPT-4 fully autonomous. Tool BabyAGI This Python script is an example of an AI-powered task management system. Tool 👶🤖🖥️ BabyAGI UI BabyAGI UI is designed to make it easier to run and develop with babyagi in a web app, like a ChatGPT. Tool baichuan-7B A large-scale 7B pretraining language model developed by Baichuan. Tool Baichuan-13B A 13B large language model developed by Baichuan Intelligent Technology. Tool Baichuan 2 A series of large language models developed by Baichuan Intelligent Technology. Tool Bisheng Bisheng is an open LLM devops platform for next generation AI applications. Tool Character-LLM A Trainable Agent for Role-Playing. arXiv Tool ChatDev Communicative Agents for Software Development. arXiv Tool ChatGPT-API-unity Binds ChatGPT chat completion API to pure C# on Unity. Unity Tool ChatGPTForUnity ChatGPT for unity. Unity Tool ChatRWKV ChatRWKV is like ChatGPT but powered by RWKV (100% RNN) language model, and open source. Tool ChatYuan Large Language Model for Dialogue in Chinese and English. Tool Chinese-LLaMA-Alpaca-3 (Chinese Llama-3 LLMs) developed from Meta Llama 3. Tool Chrome-GPT An AutoGPT agent that controls Chrome on your desktop. Tool CogVLM CogVLM, a powerful open-source visual language foundation model. arXiv Tool CoreNet A library for training deep neural networks. Tool Cosmos Cosmos is a world model development platform that consists of world foundation models, tokenizers and video processing pipeline to accelerate the development of Physical AI at Robotics & AV labs. LLM DBRX DBRX is a large language model trained by Databricks. Tool DCLM DataComp for Language Models. arXiv Tool DeepSeek-R1 DeepSeek-R1-Zero, a model trained via large-scale reinforcement learning (RL) without supervised fine-tuning (SFT) as a preliminary step, demonstrated remarkable performance on reasoning. LLM DeepSeek-V3 DeepSeek-V3 is a strong Mixture-of-Experts (MoE) language model with 671B total parameters with 37B activated for each token. arXiv LLM DemoGPT Auto Gen-AI App Generator with the Power of Llama 2 Tool Design2Code Automating Front-End Engineering Tool Devika Devika is an Agentic AI Software Engineer. Tool Devon An open-source pair programmer. Tool Dora Generating powerful websites, one prompt at a time. Tool Flowise Drag & drop UI to build your customized LLM flow using LangchainJS. Tool Gemini Gemini is built from the ground up for multimodality — reasoning seamlessly across text, images, video, audio, and code. Tool Gemma Gemma is a family of lightweight, state-of-the art open models built from research and technology used to create Google Gemini models. Tool gemma.cpp lightweight, standalone C++ inference engine for Google's Gemma models. Tool GLM-4 GLM-4-9B is the open-source version of the latest generation of pre-trained models in the GLM-4 series launched by Zhipu AI. Tool GLM-4.5 GLM-4.5: An open-source large language model designed for intelligent agents by Z.ai. LLM GPT4All A chatbot trained on a massive collection of clean assistant data including code, stories and dialogue. Tool GPT-4o GPT-4o (“o” for “omni”) is a step towards much more natural human-computer interaction—it accepts as input any combination of text, audio, image, and video and generates any combination of text, audio, and image outputs. Tool gpt-oss gpt-oss-120b and gpt-oss-20b are two open-weight language models by OpenAI. LLM GPTScript Develop LLM Apps in Natural Language. Tool Grok-1 The weights and architecture of our 314 billion parameter Mixture-of-Experts model, Grok-1. Tool HuggingChat Making the community's best AI chat models available to everyone. Tool Hugging Face API Unity Integration This Unity package provides an easy-to-use integration for the Hugging Face Inference API, allowing developers to access and use Hugging Face AI models within their Unity projects. Unity Tool Hunyuan-MT The Hunyuan-MT comprises a translation model, Hunyuan-MT-7B, and an ensemble model, Hunyuan-MT-Chimera. The translation model is used to translate source text into the target language, while the ensemble model integrates multiple translation outputs to produce a higher-quality result. LLM ImageBind ImageBind One Embedding Space to Bind Them All. arXiv Tool Index-1.9B A SOTA lightweight multilingual LLM. Tool InteractML-Unity InteractML, an Interactive Machine Learning Visual Scripting framework for Unity3D. Unity Tool InteractML-Unreal Engine Bringing Machine Learning to Unreal Engine. Unreal Engine Tool InternLM InternLM has open-sourced a 7 billion parameter base model, a chat model tailored for practical scenarios and the training system. arXiv Tool InternLM-XComposer InternLM-XComposer2 is a groundbreaking vision-language large model (VLLM) excelling in free-form text-image composition and comprehension. arXiv Tool Jan Bring AI to your Desktop. Tool Janus Janus: Decoupling Visual Encoding for Unified Multimodal Understanding and Generation. arXiv LLM Kimi K2 Kimi K2 is a state-of-the-art mixture-of-experts (MoE) language model with 32 billion activated parameters and 1 trillion total parameters. LLM Lamini Lamini allows any engineering team to outperform general purpose LLMs through RLHF and fine- tuning on their own data. Tool LaMini-LM LaMini-LM is a collection of small-sized, efficient language models distilled from ChatGPT and trained on a large-scale dataset of 2.58M instructions. Tool LangChain LangChain is a framework for developing applications powered by language models. Tool LangFlow ⛓️ LangFlow is a UI for LangChain, designed with react-flow to provide an effortless way to experiment and prototype flows. Tool LaVague Automate automation with Large Action Model framework. Tool Lemur Open Foundation Models for Language Agents. Tool Lepton AI A Pythonic framework to simplify AI service building. Tool Lit-LLaMA Implementation of the LLaMA language model based on nanoGPT. Supports flash attention, Int8 and GPTQ 4bit quantization, LoRA and LLaMA-Adapter fine-tuning, pre-training. Tool llama2-webui Run Llama 2 locally with gradio UI on GPU or CPU from anywhere (Linux/Windows/Mac). Tool Llama 3 The official Meta Llama 3 GitHub site. Tool Llama 3.1 Llama is an accessible, open large language model (LLM) designed for developers, researchers, and businesses to build, experiment, and responsibly scale their generative AI ideas. Tool LLaSM Large Language and Speech Model. Tool LLM Answer Engine Build a Perplexity-Inspired Answer Engine Using Next.js, Groq, Mixtral, Langchain, OpenAI, Brave & Serper. Tool llm.c LLM training in simple, raw C/CUDA. Tool LLMUnity Create characters in Unity with LLMs! Unity Tool LLocalSearch LLocalSearch is a completely locally running search engine using LLM Agents. Tool LogicGamesSolver A Python tool to solve logic games with AI, Deep Learning and Computer Vision. Tool LongCat-Flash LongCat-Flash is a powerful and efficient language model with 560 billion total parameters, featuring an innovative Mixture-of-Experts (MoE) architecture. The model incorporates a dynamic computation mechanism that activates 18.6B∼31.3B parameters (averaging∼27B) based on contextual demands, optimizing both computational efficiency and performance. LLM LongWriter LongWriter: Unleashing 10,000+ Word Generation From Long Context LLMs. arXiv Tool Large World Model (LWM) Large World Model (LWM) is a general-purpose large-context multimodal autoregressive model. arXiv Tool Lumina-T2X Lumina-T2X is a unified framework for Text to Any Modality Generation. arXiv Tool MetaGPT The Multi-Agent Framework Tool MiniCPM-2B An end-side LLM outperforms Llama2-13B. Tool MiniGPT-4 Enhancing Vision-language Understanding with Advanced Large Language Models. arXiv Tool MiniGPT-5 Interleaved Vision-and-Language Generation via Generative Vokens. arXiv Tool MiniMax-01 MiniMax-01: Scaling Foundation Models with
